we've got Alternatives pages also known
as comparison Pages or versus Pages
these are a great way to capture
prospects at the bottom of the funnel
that have perhaps got one or two or more
vendors in mind and a great way to
position your brand as the go-to choice
for what they need they rank super well
when it comes to SEO and organic search
because they're usually long form Pages
like listicles where you can paay 10 or
more vendors and position your company
as the goto it's not a place where you
want to slate all your competition you
don't want to put all their flaws or
negative things because it could cost
you a legal battle what you do want to
do is get factual about your competitors
but at the same time focus on your
points of differentiation for your SAS
solution or your service or your offer
so you can position your product or
service as the goto Choice I'm looking
at the panda do.com site in this case
they've gone after the keyword proposify
alternative so if perhaps someone's got
proposify in mind
but they're looking for an alternative
proposal sales software this is where
pandadoc is going to show up both in
organic search and possibly with Google
ads if they're going after that keyword
on their Google ads their Google page
search so in this case what pad do.com
did on their long form page is they've
got 10
Alternatives first and foremost they
give a bullet point snapshot of kind of
proposify summary and then they talk
about the key differentiators of their
own offer Panda do with some screenshots
some ratings all the points of
differentation about their service so
the features the examples the templates
they provide the autom automation the
CRM the free trials the onboarding the
success metrics so basically all those
tweaks that make them more bespoke make
them different that make them stand out
and they position their themselves as
the go-to they've got clear call to
action so if you want to try the
software for free you can do so and then
underneath they've got the list of kind
of nine other competitive vendors to
basically show that they're not just
focusing on their offer even though it
is top foremost right away but giving
you long form content that's going to
rank well with SEO and also give users
kind of some more information so like I
say super good page when it comes to SEO
also can be good for Google ads also
gives people that are comparing two or
three or more vendors kind of clear
ideas on how you stand out so that's an
Alternatives page alternatively to that
you've got a his page so if I look at
lead feeder my friends at lead feeder.
comom they've gone for the keyword lead
feeder versus lead forensics so a
slightly different keyword if someone's
searching for that on Google again you
can do this SEO and paid ads a long form
page we essentially look at all the
differences you weigh them all up could
be about payment terms could be about
the actual product could be about the
features could be about the free trial
time could be about the payments the
Integrations again you want to position
yourself with points of differentation
you typically want a long form page
where you compare the two and then
you've usually got clear cool to actions
to kind of do a free sign up request a
consult call take a demo whatever that
relevant next step is so those are a few
things to consider when it comes to
building out Alternatives page usually
you want to make a list of what are your
main competitors you want to do some
research on Google some market analysis
and then start building out those pages
because like I said they're really good
way to capture that bottom funnel
traffic for people that have high intent
to speak to sales for your offer